docs/reflection-milestone2.md, before:

# Group D - Milestone 2 - reflections
Our group has successfully collaborated to leverage the strengths of each teammate, and has made all decisions by consensus.  We have met in-person and online (Slack & Zoom) frequently, with earlier meetings focused on brainstorming and planning, and more recent meetings focused on division of labour and feedback on progress.  

We have chosen to document the outcomes of each meeting in Slack for clarity of tasks, timelines and responsibilites.  Thus far we have been able to successfully achieve our team-defined milestones, due in part to the generosity and willingness of team members to assist each other when necessary.  There have been no violations (or near-violations) of the team contract. Due to the success of our team practices, no changes to group process are required at this time.

## Current Accomplishments:
- all user controls created and positioned (1 slider, 2 radio items, 1 dropdown)
- chained the hospital dropdown to health authority radio item
- all plots created such that they are dynamic (i.e. they respond to inputs from the user controls)
- layout created for the dashboard with all plots, controls, and titles/labels positioned

## Pending Improvements:
- create a dynamic map of BC that highlights the chosen health authority (without needing to replace static images)
- finalize positioning of scorecards
- use colour coding in and around plots to match the health authority colour
- resize and reshape dashboard items to improve the overall appearance of the dashboard
- improve the font and other minor aesthetics (i.e. font size/type/colour, line width/colour, etc.)

## Overall Impressions:
Group D is generally pleased with how the dashboard is coming together, and the function it serves.  The user has a lot of control over his/her analysis, and can view multiple aspects of the surgical data simultaneously:
- continuously adjustable timescale (i.e. from single to multiple years; from older to newer data)
- macro-level (all bc), meso-level (health authority) and micro-level (specific hospital) results
- quantitative results (plots & scorecards) for:
    - individual procedures (fastest/slowest)
    - completed cases, waiting cases and waiting time
    - health authority efficiency comparison
    - a map to aid the user in connecting the data to the geographic location

Group D believes that this dashboard maximizes the use of the surgical dataset, and minimizes user difficulty in accessing the data of interest.  We are satisfied with the aesthetics (look & feel), although we do plan some improvements (i.e. beautification of existing elements). 

Possible additions to the dashboard could include:
- a button that would produce a pdf output (i.e. snapshot of the dashboard) for the user to download
- a slider that had a finer scale adjustment (i.e. quarterly, not just annual) in order to fine-tune the analysis

Commit message:

several minor improvements to reflections

docs/reflection-milestone2.md, after:

# Group D - Milestone 2 - reflections
Our group has successfully collaborated to leverage the strengths of each teammate, and has made all decisions by consensus.  We have met in-person and online (Slack & Zoom) frequently, with earlier meetings focused on brainstorming and planning, and more recent meetings focused on division of labour and feedback on progress.  

We have chosen to document the outcomes of each meeting in Slack for clarity of tasks, timelines and responsibilites.  Thus far we have been able to successfully achieve our team-defined milestones, due in part to the generosity and willingness of team members to assist each other when necessary.  There have been no violations (or near-violations) of the team contract. Due to the success of our team practices, no changes to group process are required at this time.

## Current Accomplishments:
- all user controls created and positioned (1 slider, 2 radio items, 1 dropdown)
- chained the hospital dropdown to health authority radio item
- all plots created such that they are dynamic (i.e. they respond to inputs from the user controls)
- layout created for the dashboard with all plots, controls, and titles/labels positioned

## Pending Improvements:
- create a dynamic map of BC that highlights the chosen health authority (without needing to replace static images)
- finalize positioning of scorecards
- use colour coding in and around plots to match the health authority colour
- resize and reshape dashboard items to improve the overall appearance of the dashboard
- improve the font and other minor aesthetics (i.e. font size/type/colour, line width/colour, etc.)

## Overall Impressions:
Group D is generally pleased with how the dashboard is coming together, and the function it serves.  The user has a lot of control over his/her analysis, and can view multiple aspects of the surgical data simultaneously:
- continuously adjustable timescale (i.e. from single to multiple years; from older to newer data)
- macro-level (all bc), meso-level (health authority) and micro-level (specific hospital) results
- quantitative results (plots & scorecards) for:
    - individual procedures (fastest/slowest)
    - completed cases, waiting cases and waiting time
    - health authority efficiency comparison
    - a map to aid the user in connecting the data to the geographic location

### Possible additions to the dashboard could include:
- a button that would produce a pdf output (i.e. snapshot of the dashboard) for the user to download
- a slider that had a finer scale adjustment (i.e. quarterly, not just annual)
- an interactive map that replaces the health authority radio button (i.e. click on area to select HA)

Final comments: Group D believes that this dashboard maximizes the use of the surgical dataset, and minimizes user difficulty in accessing the data of interest.  We are generally satisfied with the aesthetics (look & feel) but we do plan several cosmetic improvements (i.e. beautification of existing elements).
